Fix wrong URL in link for sampling.mdx (#5279)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/sampling.mdx

> <!-- TODO: the link in the paragraph below is intentionally hard-coded to point at JS, since for now that's where the information lives -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Whatever a transaction's sampling decision, that decision will be passed to its child spans and from there to any transactions they subsequently cause in other services. (See [Connecting Services](/platforms/python/performance/) for more about how that propagation is done.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whatever a transaction's sampling decision, that decision will be passed to its child spans and from there to any transactions they subsequently cause in other services. (See <PlatformLink to="/performance/connect-services">Connecting Services</PlatformLink> for more about how that propagation is done.)
```
